AI usage:
-Used figmas AI to create the design and layout of the page.
    Worked all right, but the limited credits gave you one swap (and it missunderstood the instructions, so taht was wasted).
    so I couldn't really work with the design as I wanted to.
- Used AI (chatGPT) to check for typos
- Used AI to ask ask questions when I get stuck on something that doesn't work.
    (Eg why my html code wasn't rendering -> hidden throw due to undefined variables)
- Used chatGPT to help sort out what eslint/prettier filed and commands that goes where.
    -> Didn't really help me figure out why the unused vars was still showing up as warnings.

ESLint settings:
- Prettier installed
- no-unused-vars set to "off", since the unused vars and functions are desaturated anyway
- endOfLine set to "auto", since windows and prettier don't agree on that line ending to use
- trailingComma: "es5" - to only complain where it's valid/good practise

Maya 15/9: Cat picture mounts twice, apparently that's because of that react is in development mode.

Maya 12/9:
Something is up with prepros, so I swapped over to live sass compiler (extention).

Thoughts Maya 10/9:
Gotta check how to import pure multiple functions on one board, put everything inside one large function?
Nesting?
Should we have multipletags added to the task or just a single one? ->with single the component taskTag
becomes reduntant.
Should we use fontawsome by importing it via script or installing it via node for icons? - script(12/9)

Ida-Sofie 14/9: 
The code for component weatherItem.tsx, the API with the weather, doesn't work. 
The problem is this: 
"<p>{weather.current.temperature_2m} {weather.current_units.temperature_2m}</p>"
It doesn't find the variables. 
Using chatGPT. 
answer from chatGPT is saved in txt-file. Differences between code can be found in commit and push, afternoon 2025-09-14, 
on branch weatherItem. 

Ida-Sofie 2025-09-18
Have been using chatGPT for several problems in the weather API: 
    open meteo returns a number (?) as "weather_code". chatGPT informed me that that's open meteos own list over different 
    types of weather and fixed a function to take in the weather_code and return the weather as a string. 

    wind direction got returnd as the angle. chatGPT gave me function that takes in the angle and returns the wind direction 
    as a string
So far I've used chatGPT a lot and I'm only pleased with the result. But maybe it's because I write good questions. 
chatGPT explains how the code works and what the problem was. But I do ask "why", "why not", "how" etc, instead of 
just "fix for me". 

